Zhang Shi, why are you here?
I beg you to leave this matter alone
This is what I look like
Uncle Qi, help me take him away
It's him it's him
Zhang shi, I miss your filial piety
Let you complete the last obsession
Why are you holding back?
Become a ghost and come out to harm people?
get up
I appreciate your help.
I was
I want to buy a house at home during my lunch break
Bring my mother to the country
Just when I got to the richest man in our department
Xu Jiayi's real estate
In fact, it's been 8 years since you laughed at me
Bought a house
Since you bought a house
It's time for you to die
Why do you still come out to harm people?
Look at you now.
Full of strength
If it weren't for your mother's sake
I'll take you now.
Uncle Qin, my junior sister doesn't want this either
The first day I bought a house
The next day, this golden tip
Announce the property
The house was not bought.
Will you marry me?
Owe me 200,000 bank charges
clear
I am interested in my wife
Boss Xu, what he said is the truth.
Do you believe Uncle Qi's nonsense?
Take me away
I'll give you as much as you want.